Update versioning policy for editor integration (#12375)
astral-sh/ruff: docs/versioning.md

    - Stable rules are added to the default set
    - Stable rules are removed from the default set
    - A safe fix for a rule is promoted to stable
- Formatter:
     - The stable style changed
- Language server:
    - The behavior of an existing capability is changed

>         - The scope of an existing capability is significantly increased

Reviewer: I think this is overly strict and at the same time not specific enough. Adding new lint rules changes the lint capability. 

I also think that it's fine to add new actions to the *code action* capability. 

I wonder if we should remove this for now and limit it to the removal of capabilities or settings.

Author: Yeah, I think that makes sense. It's unclear what kind of restrictions we want right now so I'll remove this part now.

Author: Thanks for the feedback!

- **Safe**: Can be applied automatically.

Fixes for rules may be introduced at a lower applicability, then promoted to a higher applicability. Reducing the applicability of a fix is not a breaking change. The applicability of a given fix may change when the preview mode is enabled.

## Visual Studio Code Extension

Visual Studio Code [doesn't support pre-release
tags](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/working-with-extensions/publishing-extension#prerelease-extensions)

> for extensions. That’s why Ruff uses the following version schema to distinguish stable and
> previews:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for extensions. Consequently, Ruff uses the following schema to distinguish between stable and
preview releases:
```

> Stable releases use even version numbers in minor part of versions: `2024.30.0`, `2024.32.0`, `2024.34.0`, …
> Previews use odd version numbers in minor part of versions: `2024.31.0`, `2024.33.0`, `2024.35.0`, …

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Stable releases use even numbers in minor version component: `2024.30.0`, `2024.32.0`, `2024.34.0`, …
Previews use odd numbers in minor version component: `2024.31.0`, `2024.33.0`, `2024.35.0`, …
```

- **Safe**: Can be applied automatically.

Fixes for rules may be introduced at a lower applicability, then promoted to a higher applicability. Reducing the applicability of a fix is not a breaking change. The applicability of a given fix may change when the preview mode is enabled.

## Visual Studio Code Extension

Visual Studio Code [doesn't support pre-release
tags](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/working-with-extensions/publishing-extension#prerelease-extensions)
for extensions. That’s why Ruff uses the following version schema to distinguish stable and
previews:

> Stable releases use even version numbers: 10, 12, 14, 16, …
> Previews use odd version numbers: 11, 13, 15, 17, …

Reviewer 3: Update examples to currently used numbers:
```suggestion
Stable releases use even numbers in minor part of versions: 2024.30.0, 2024.32.0, 2024.34.0, …
Previews use odd numbers in minor part of versions: 2024.31.0, 2024.33.0, 2024.35.0, …
```
